bworks-donation-tracker.md, before:

# Project BWorks Material Donation Tracking

## Client Profile

Bworks is an organization which provides BYTE services, BYCYCLE services. Bworks major mission is to achieve community service, sustainability, literacy, service and enjoyement.
they have membership plans to access the services as well.

BYCYCLE Services includes accepting cycle donations of children and adult sizes.
distributing to the people.
*They can even accept and repair the bycyles which are not in good conditions

BYTE services:
They organize computer classes. people can register and attend the classes.

## Project Brief

The project aims to develop a community service solution for Bworks, an organization focused on bicycle programs. The objective is to track provider details, bicycle inventory, and delivery information. The project includes developing a user-friendly web application with features such as provider registration, bicycle listing, delivery tracking, and reporting. The project will be divided into milestones, with a dedicated timeline for each phase.

## Functional Requirements

1.User interface.
    * User should be able to use the application using a web interface
    * Admin should be able to upload bulk data of bicycles using a file upload
    * The donor and the beneficiary should be able to accept or reject whether their information or photos can be shared with others on the platform.
    * In case of discrepancies, The admin should be able to add, edit, and delete any events from a bicycle's timeline.
    * The beneficiary or the donor can raise a dispute about the data quality or accuracy.
2.typesof bicycles that are available.
3.Database for storing login details and bicycle information and other tables if needed.
4.Geolocation and Navigation needed.
5.Booking and Reservation.

Commit message:

Amended the markdown file for Bworks project brief in the class repository to include a evaluation of the roles and opportunities for servant leadership within Bworks project.

bworks-donation-tracker.md, after:

# Project BWorks Material Donation Tracking

## Client Profile

Bworks is an organization which provides BYTE services, BYCYCLE services. Bworks major mission is to achieve community service, sustainability, literacy, service and enjoyement.
they have membership plans to access the services as well.

BYCYCLE Services includes accepting cycle donations of children and adult sizes.
distributing to the people.
*They can even accept and repair the bycyles which are not in good conditions

BYTE services:
They organize computer classes. people can register and attend the classes.

## Project Brief

The project aims to develop a community service solution for Bworks, an organization focused on bicycle programs. The objective is to track provider details, bicycle inventory, and delivery information. The project includes developing a user-friendly web application with features such as provider registration, bicycle listing, delivery tracking, and reporting. The project will be divided into milestones, with a dedicated timeline for each phase.

## Functional Requirements

1. User interface.
* User should be able to use the application using a web interface
* Admin should be able to upload bulk data of bicycles using a file upload
* The donor and the beneficiary should be able to accept or reject whether their information or photos can be shared with others on the platform.
* In case of discrepancies, The admin should be able to add, edit, and delete any events from a bicycle's timeline.
* The beneficiary or the donor can raise a dispute about the data quality or accuracy.
2. Types of bicycles that are available.
3. Database for storing login details and bicycle information and other tables if needed.
4. Geolocation and Navigation needed.
5. Booking and Reservation.

## Roles and Opportunities for a Servant Leader

A servant leader can work on different roles and opportunities to use the principles of servant leadership:

1. Facilitator:
    - Enhance positive interaction and collaboration amongst the project team, Bworks employees, and stakeholders.
    - Assure that everyone's opinions are appreciated and that their voices are heard.
2. Mentor:
    - Serve the project team members path, encouragement, and training so they can grow professionally and realize their full potential.
    - Promote a culture of growth and a learning environment.
3. Visionary:
    - Contribute in creating a vision for the project that is compelling and in line with Bworks' mission and values.
    - Inspire people by sharing with the vision and demonstrating how their efforts support the larger goal.
4. Mediator:
    - In order to maintain a positive working environment, it is important to develop mutually beneficial solutions to conflicts that may occur between stakeholders or inside the project team.
